previously on corner shop the fate of
the high street lies in the hands of one
man Molly
why you do this voice just say it
properly but it's at the voice I do in
the movies you never mind
previously on the corner shop show I won
the Hydra competition but there was a
video of me on line that went fireman he
could be on page one one day maybe not
be far away because the scandal and
everyone in the high street knew who I
was I know you're only making profit 20
you guys do deliveries right I'll pay
you obviously yes
but we are still not making money what
hey why you know it's kind of a good man
it's like poo and snooker fought with
your hands because I would pay to dance
again so I gave the high street hostel
cool
he organized a carom board competition
for tea
Wow
I forgot my wallet but don't worry I had
a plan elective
what I didn't say was a good plan did I